{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://realism.os-scape.com/index.php?/topic/3550-dead-man-mode-on-os-s/"}}{\fldrslt{\ul\cf1 http://realism.os-scape.com/index.php?/topic/3550-dead-man-mode-on-os-s/}}}\f0\fs22\par
dn.runescape.com/assets/img/external/oldschool/2015/deadman/deadman-logo-small.png[/img]\par
[FONT=Verdana][COLOR="#D3D3D3"]I can't escape the idea that Dead Man Mode is the way Runescape was meant to be played. It makes you explore game content in depth and much more intimately. For a private server, it could bring large and meaningful engagement with outstanding content that isn't as popular on today's RSPS, such as quests features, periodical/seasonal events, and clan domination. I think the first server to perfect Dead Man Mode will obtain an overwhelmingly engaged audience. \par
\par
In a previous discussion, a number of concerns/objections and remarks were made on how feasible it would be to have, in effect, Dead Man Mode on a private server. To further this discourse, I am formally suggesting Dead Man Mode on OS-Scape (for the 2nd time). Here, I will outline what I feel to be the most important aspects of Dead Man Mode by addressing some most notable concerns and objections made about the game mode.  To begin this discussion, I will present previously discussed concerns and objections towards Dead Man Mode proceeded by my attempts to rebut them, with the inclusion of supplemental remarks made by members of the community. I shall make no claim to having definitively refuted any of these concerns or objections, for a number of them are necessary corollaries of the game mode itself, and are therefore confounded and insoluble. I will wrap up this discussion with what I feel to be the vitality of Dead Man Mode, along with some encouraging words to get others to join in on this vigorous discussion.\par
\par
[IMG]http://bestanimations.com/Site/Lines/Dots-01-june.gif[/IMG][IMG]http://bestanimations.com/Site/Lines/Dots-01-june.gif[/IMG] \par
\par
[B][COLOR="#40E0D0"]C O N C E R N [/COLOR][/B]\par
\par
[I][LEFT]  On 1/28/2016 at 8:30 PM, Oxytocin said:[/LEFT][/I]\par
[QUOTE]You need multiple worlds for DMM.. [else] spots would just get bombarded with players.. [and clans could] hold down certain areas of the game and make it literally unplayable for new players. [/QUOTE]\par
\par
[LEFT][I]  On 2/8/2016 at 6:33 AM, NH said:[/I][/LEFT]\par
[QUOTE]Clanmanmode..[/QUOTE]\par
\par
[LEFT][I]  On 2/8/2016 at 6:59 AM, Floyd said:[/I][/LEFT]\par
[QUOTE].. the team that pulls the most will always win.[/QUOTE]\par
\par
[B][COLOR="#FFA500"]R E B U T T A L[/COLOR][/B]\par
\par
I find these concerns to be most notable, so I will respond to them first and at length. There are two distinct concerns to be addressed here..\par
\par
The first concern is that popular, advantageous, spots are bombarded by players. Multiple worlds can mitigate this issue, but doesn't exactly solve it. The only real solution is to diversify game content so players can seek operable seclusion. \par
\par
The second, more confounded, issue is that players, teams and clan's camp popular spots, and this has an overall debilitating effect on the game. I will address at length this concern, namely, the player/team/clan control of an area from other players, with a few suggestions:\par
\par
[LEFT][LIST]\par
[*][B][U]Bounties[/U][/B] - Make it so the more rogue kills a player gets, the higher the incentives are to kill them. Maybe you get more items from their bank, or you steal some of their experience. This dwindles the incentive to go rogue, although it would only, at best, mitigate the amount of rogues camping areas. Like the rest of these solutions, this would need to be thoroughly discussed and developed with the community, well before release. This suggestion addresses the issue through mitigation.\par
\par
[*][B][U]Player Guardians[/U][/B] - Players who choose not to go rogue, opting instead to kill those who do. They may be granted a special features from the 'gods', such as teleporting to rogue players to combat them. It would provide an incentive for players to not go rogue at all, in hopes of getting PG status, and also protect newbies from rogue players. However, if a PG ran into a team or clan, probably wouldn't end to well for the PG, unless they too had a clan (INB4 PG'S vs ROGUE CLAN'S). Like the previous, this suggestion addresses the issue through mitigation.\par
\par
[*][B][U]PvP timer[/U][/B] - As introduced in the recent season of deadman mode, this feature disables player jacking for a brief period of time, allowing an individual player to loot, resupply, or plan an escape. This suggestion addresses the issue through remediation.\par
\par
[*][B][U]6 hour pvp delay[/U][/B] - Jagex implemented a season ago for new players on Dead Man Mode. The problem with delay is that it takes away from a vital aspect of the game mode, fighting anyone anywhere. It hurts both parties, for those on 6 hour delay, too, can't take advantage of the game mode, and are left playing single-player mode for 5 hours. This suggestion addresses the issue through retardation.\par
\par
[*][B][U]Address directly in the rules[/U][/B]. Jagex implemented a rule against ragging others in the wilderness. If we consider the indefinite control and domination of an area as ragging, it could be an offense to continuously camp an area. As this rule is vague, likely requisite of administrative action, and easily mishandled if reprehension isn't proportional to the offense, it should probably be left as a final solution.\par
[/LIST]\par
[/LEFT]\par
\par
These few suggestions hint to the fact that area camping and clans are necessary corollaries of open world PVP, for they are the most effective way to ensure a kill. Therefore, the best solution for these issues, as well as player bombardment, would be, through a communal approach, to create game content so diversified that if an area is being controlled, players can still find enjoyment somewhere else in the game. \par
\par
[IMG]http://bestanimations.com/Site/Lines/Dots-01-june.gif[/IMG][IMG]http://bestanimations.com/Site/Lines/Dots-01-june.gif[/IMG] \par
\par
[B][COLOR="#40E0D0"]C O N C E R N[/COLOR][/B]\par
\par
[LEFT]  On 1/28/2016 at 10:07 PM, Pia Mia said:[/LEFT]\par
[QUOTE]DMM is dead as it is on 07..[/QUOTE]\par
\par
[LEFT]  On 1/28/2016 at 10:52 PM, Oxytocin said:[/LEFT]\par
[QUOTE]There are quite a few DMM servers out there, they haven't done very well.[/QUOTE]\par
\par
[B][COLOR="#FFA500"]R E B U T T A L[/COLOR][/B]\par
\par
[LEFT]  On 1/28/2016 at 8:51 PM, Oxytocin said:[/LEFT]\par
[QUOTE].. There'd have to be strategies put in place to stop an RSPS DMM falling in the same way the OSRS did.[/QUOTE]\par
\par
[LEFT]  On 2/8/2016 at 6:58 AM, Pbi543654911 said:[/LEFT]\par
[QUOTE]I'd love to give dmm a go as long as it's faster than rs...Might have to inject the economy with resources or boost the resources gained from certain activities to meet demand. \par
\par
I'd say the primary reasons for the failure/lack of success of current DMM projects is their combat is all shit.[/QUOTE]\par
\par
[LEFT]  On 1/28/2016 at 10:28 PM, Packet Loss said:[/LEFT]\par
[QUOTE]I honestly think the Dmm could work.. just got to tweak the xp rates and how much stats u lose on death And how to get items..i honestly think it would be really unique and would attract a lot of players.[/QUOTE]\par
\par
Through a holistic and communal approach, the goal is to make Dead Man gameplay so tenacious and attractive that it can't merely 'fall off', as it may have on other servers and OSRS. I think periodical/seasonal competitions and resets, like the ones JAGEX are to enact, would go a long way in continuously reinvigorating a Dead Man audience, as long as there are outstanding and competitive incentives to keep starting over. \par
\par
[IMG]http://bestanimations.com/Site/Lines/Dots-01-june.gif[/IMG][IMG]http://bestanimations.com/Site/Lines/Dots-01-june.gif[/IMG] \par
\par
[COLOR="#FFFF00"][B]O B J E C T I O N [/B][/COLOR]\par
\par
[LEFT]  On 1/28/2016 at 10:07 PM, Pia Mia said:[/LEFT]\par
[QUOTE].. don't think there's a big enough player base on OS-Scape who would want DMM.[/QUOTE]\par
\par
[LEFT]  On 1/28/2016 at 8:30 PM, Oxytocin said:[/LEFT]\par
[QUOTE].. there's just not enough players who would want this.[/QUOTE]\par
\par
[LEFT]  On 1/28/2016 at 4:53 AM, erec x d said:[/LEFT]\par
[QUOTE]I dont think we have enough players for that..[/QUOTE]\par
\par
[COLOR="#FFA500"][B]R E B U T T A L[/B][/COLOR]\par
\par
There are two distinct questions to be asked here. Does Os-Scape have enough players who would want DMM, and are there enough players, in the whole RSPS community, who would want Dead Man Mode.\par
\par
When these objections were made there were around 100-250 players online at any given time. We have attracted nearly triple that amount with the pvp server alone. This reminisce is evidence of a 'chicken or the egg' dilemma as to whether or not we should first have the players willing to play Dead Man Mode or look to attract those willing to play. \par
\par
[LEFT]  On 1/28/2016 at 8:51 PM, Oxytocin said:[/LEFT]\par
[QUOTE]There were over 10,000 players for DMM [on OSRS]..[/QUOTE]\par
\par
From my observations of RSPS recruitment forums and forums of other RSPSs, I undoubtedly believe there is a vast hunger for dmm content. However, independent of my observations, JAGEX felt there were enough players wanting Dead Man Mode for them to go ahead with it. Is that same audience not reflected in the larger RSPS community?\par
\par
[I]Even for the sake of our community, only a handful have spoke their convictions on whether or not they would want Dead Man Mode. This minute representation does not vie in comparison with the representative population of hundreds of players that JAGEX was prompted with considering Dead Man Mode, thanks to the prominence of reddit. This does not mean we need every one of our players to weigh in on the matter; how many of you were apart of the initial discussions for Dead Man Mode on OSRS? Instead we need a considerable representation of the want of Dead Man Mode, proportionate to our actual audience size.[/I]\par
\par
[IMG]http://bestanimations.com/Site/Lines/Dots-01-june.gif[/IMG][IMG]http://bestanimations.com/Site/Lines/Dots-01-june.gif[/IMG] \par
\par
[B][COLOR="#FFFF00"]O B J E C T I O N [/COLOR][/B]\par
\par
[LEFT]  On 1/28/2016 at 8:30 PM, Oxytocin said:[/LEFT]\par
[QUOTE].. it would be [difficult] to code..certain shortcuts/features like melzars maze..Adding all the shortcuts/escapes would be stupidly long. Quests too, it'd be hard to do.[/QUOTE]\par
\par
[B][COLOR="#FFA500"] R E B U T T A L[/COLOR][/B]\par
\par
I agree that it would take a great deal of communal and developmental energy, probably more than this server alone is capable of producing. The question is whether it is an effort worth exhausting, considering the attention its tenacious and expansive gameplay could potentially draw. The effort may even attract outsiders with the capacity to help progress such a project.\par
\par
Here is some rhetoric to aid the ambition of those who someday wish to play dmm on a RSPS...\par
If I were a doctor and had done everything medical science could offer to save a patient but she died anyways, how should I feel? For me, offering everything available isn't enough. And since I couldn't do better, I should be involved in moving things forward. \par
\par
The patient here, Dead Man Mode, has yet to see any medical attention directed towards it, pertaining to this server, for it is just now being conceived. Stating its death, before its conception, on suppositions alone, is premature. Even if we adopt the 'general' notion of Dead Man mode being seemingly dead, that doesn't mean we can't be involved in continuing on its cure or rehabilitation. I say we should begin moving things forward.\par
\par
[IMG]http://bestanimations.com/Site/Lines/Dots-01-june.gif[/IMG][IMG]http://bestanimations.com/Site/Lines/Dots-01-june.gif[/IMG] \par
\par
[SIZE=4][B][COLOR="#F0FFFF"]The Vitality of Dead Man Mode[/COLOR][/B][/SIZE]\par
\par
As I mentioned in the outset of this post, I can't escape the idea that Dead Man Mode was the way Runescape was meant to be played. The game mode forces you to always be aware and to act very intentionally, taking calculated risks. It serves as a refresher from normal gameplay and a source of communal bondage. Below I will list of some of Dead Man Mode's most essential aspects. \par
\par
[U][SIZE=3]Never Feel Safe[/SIZE][/U]\par
\par
[I]Open world pvp started back in the days of Runescape Classic. Here lies the thrill of potentially making bank, or losing it all, at anytime and anyplace. \par
[/I]\par
[U][SIZE=3]Straight to the Point[/SIZE][/U]\par
\par
[I]Along with open world pvp, increased XP rates expedite the dissemination of wealth. First by allowing skillers to speedily bring forth the wealth and then by allowing pkers to be readily capable of transferring it. [/I]\par
\par
[U] [SIZE=3]More than attraction[/SIZE][/U]\par
\par
[I]The various and expansive gameplay provided by Dead Man Mode will be able to retain new and old audiences alike for months on end. It shall serve as a source of communal engagement for players and staff alike. If you have thoughts in relation to Dead Man Mode on Os-Scape, PLEASE SHARE![/COLOR]\par
[/I][/FONT]\par
[/center]\par
\par
-----------------------------------\par
How to post successfully\par
\par
Think of the suggestion in terms of a dialogue; engage in a discussion about the subject and issues of the suggestion.\par
Respond to the suggestion if: it supports your own thoughts, you reasonably disagree with it, or it seems to fall short on an aspect that you think is important.\par
Pose questions, offer arguments (distinguish between opinion and argument), or play \ldblquote devil's advocate.\rdblquote\par
Avoid responses that offer only right and wrong perspectives and ignore other possible answers; pose open-ended questions that invite dialogue.\par
Try to add new insight to the discussion when responding.\par
Significant time and effort has been invested into this thread; show courtesy by carefully reflecting on your words and their possible effect, before posting.\par
Chatty, or humorous posts are OK and certainly add flavor to the discussions, but they are not very constructive and often lack any meaningful contribution.\par
Elaborate on ideas and try to keep different topics apart in paragraph format. Paragraphs longer than 150-200 words are harder to follow on screen. Better-formulated, grammatically correct, clear posts usually attract more attention.\par
After you have posted, check back to see if anybody has responded to you and keep the dialogue going.\par
\par
\par
*This discussion is about DEADMAN MODE ON OS-SCAPE\par
}
 